---
external help file: PSCloudFormation-help.xml
Module Name: PSCloudFormation
online version:
schema: 2.0.0
---

# Reset-PSCFNStack

## SYNOPSIS
Delete and recreate an existing stack

## SYNTAX

```
Reset-PSCFNStack [-StackName] <String> -TemplateLocation <String[]> [-Capabilities <String[]>]
 [-ClientRequestToken <String>] [-Force] [-DisableRollback <Boolean>] [-EnableTerminationProtection <Boolean>]
 [-NotificationARNs <String[]>] [-OnFailure <OnFailure>] [-ResourceType <String[]>] [-RoleARN <String>]
 [-RollbackConfiguration_MonitoringTimeInMinute <Int32>]
 [-RollbackConfiguration_RollbackTrigger <RollbackTrigger[]>] [-StackPolicyBody <String>]
 [-StackPolicyURL <String>] [-Tag <Tag[]>] [-TimeoutInMinutes <Int32>] [-ParameterFile <String>] [-Wait]
 [-ProfileName <String>] [-EndpointUrl <String>] [-AccessKey <String>] [-SecretKey <String>]
 [-ProfileLocation <String>] [-SessionToken <String>] [-NetworkCredential <PSCredential>]
 [-Credential <AWSCredentials>] [-Region <String>] [<CommonParameters>]
```

## DESCRIPTION
Completely replace an existing stack
If -Wait is specified, stack events are output to the console including events from any nested stacks.

DYNAMIC PARAMETERS

Once the -TemplateLocation argument has been suppied on the command line
the function reads the template and creates additional command line parameters
for each of the entries found in the "Parameters" section of the template.
These parameters are named as per each parameter in the template and defaults
and validation rules created for them as defined by the template.

Thus, if a template parameter has AllowedPattern and AllowedValues properties,
the resultant function argument will permit TAB completion of the AllowedValues,
assert that you have entered one of these, and for AllowedPattern, the function
argument will assert the regular expression.

Template parameters with no default will become mandatory parameters to this function.
If you do not supply them, you will be prompted for them and the help text for the
parameter will be taken from the Description property of the parameter.

## EXAMPLES

### EXAMPLE 1
```
Reset-PSCFNStack -StackName MyStack -TemplateLocation .\mystack.json -Capabilities CAPABILITY_IAM -Wait -VpcCidr 10.1.0.0/16
```

First deletes any existing stack of the same name or ARN, then creates a new stack from a local template file and waits for it to complete.
This template would have 'VpcCidr' defined within its parameter block

### EXAMPLE 2
```
Reset-PSCFNStack -StackName MyStack -TemplateLocation https://s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/mybucket/mystack.json -Capabilities CAPABILITY_IAM -Wait -VpcCidr 10.1.0.0/16
```

As per the first example, but with the template located in S3.

### EXAMPLE 3
```
Reset-PSCFNStack -StackName MyStack -TemplateLocation s3://mybucket/mystack.json -Capabilities CAPABILITY_IAM -Wait -VpcCidr 10.1.0.0/16
```

As per the first example, but using an S3 URL.
Caveat to this mechanism is that you must have a default region set in the curent shell.
The bucket is assumed to be in this region and the stack will also be built in this region.

## PARAMETERS

### -StackName
Name of the stack to replace.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: 1
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -TemplateLocation
Location of the template.
This may be
- Path to a local file
- s3:// URL pointing to template in a bucket
- https:// URL pointing to template in a bucket
This cmdlet can accept pipeline input from New-PSCFNPackage, however there are caveats!
See notes section.

```yaml
Type: String[]
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Capabilities
If the stack requires IAM capabilities, TAB auctocompletes between the capability types.

```yaml
Type: String[]
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -ClientRequestToken
A unique identifier for this CreateStack request.
Specify this token if you plan to retry requests so that AWS CloudFormation knows that you're not attempting to create a stack with the same name.
You might retry CreateStack requests to ensure that AWS CloudFormation successfully received them.All events triggered by a given stack operation are assigned the same client request token, which you can use to track operations.
For example, if you execute a CreateStack operation with the token token1, then all the StackEvents generated by that operation will have ClientRequestToken set as token1.In the console, stack operations display the client request token on the Events tab.
Stack operations that are initiated from the console use the token format Console-StackOperation-ID, which helps you easily identify the stack operation .
For example, if you create a stack using the console, each stack event would be assigned the same token in the following format: Console-CreateStack-7f59c3cf-00d2-40c7-b2ff-e75db0987002.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Force
This parameter overrides confirmation prompts to force the cmdlet to continue its operation.
This parameter should always be used with caution.

```yaml
Type: SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: False
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -DisableRollback
Set to true to disable rollback of the stack if stack creation failed.
You can specify either DisableRollback or OnFailure, but not both.Default: false

```yaml
Type: Boolean
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: False
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -EnableTerminationProtection
Whether to enable termination protection on the specified stack.
If a user attempts to delete a stack with termination protection enabled, the operation fails and the stack remains unchanged.
For more information, see Protecting a Stack From Being Deleted in the AWS CloudFormation User Guide.
Termination protection is disabled on stacks by default.
For nested stacks, termination protection is set on the root stack and cannot be changed directly on the nested stack.

```yaml
Type: Boolean
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: False
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -NotificationARNs
The Simple Notification Service (SNS) topic ARNs to publish stack related events.
You can find your SNS topic ARNs using the SNS console or your Command Line Interface (CLI).

```yaml
Type: String[]
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -OnFailure
Determines what action will be taken if stack creation fails.
This must be one of: DO_NOTHING, ROLLBACK, or DELETE.
You can specify either OnFailure or DisableRollback, but not both.Default: ROLLBACK

```yaml
Type: OnFailure
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -ResourceType
The template resource types that you have permissions to work with for this create stack action, such as AWS::EC2::Instance, AWS::EC2::*, or Custom::MyCustomInstance.
Use the following syntax to describe template resource types: AWS::* (for all AWS resource), Custom::* (for all custom resources), Custom::logical_ID (for a specific custom resource), AWS::service_name::* (for all resources of a particular AWS service), and AWS::service_name::resource_logical_ID (for a specific AWS resource).If the list of resource types doesn't include a resource that you're creating, the stack creation fails.
By default, AWS CloudFormation grants permissions to all resource types.
AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM) uses this parameter for AWS CloudFormation-specific condition keys in IAM policies.
For more information, see Controlling Access with AWS Identity and Access Management.

```yaml
Type: String[]
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -RoleARN
The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of an AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM) role that AWS CloudFormation assumes to create the stack.
AWS CloudFormation uses the role's credentials to make calls on your behalf.
AWS CloudFormation always uses this role for all future operations on the stack.
As long as users have permission to operate on the stack, AWS CloudFormation uses this role even if the users don't have permission to pass it.
Ensure that the role grants least privilege.If you don't specify a value, AWS CloudFormation uses the role that was previously associated with the stack.
If no role is available, AWS CloudFormation uses a temporary session that is generated from your user credentials.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -RollbackConfiguration_MonitoringTimeInMinute
The amount of time, in minutes, during which CloudFormation should monitor all the rollback triggers after the stack creation or update operation deploys all necessary resources.The default is 0 minutes.If you specify a monitoring period but do not specify any rollback triggers, CloudFormation still waits the specified period of time before cleaning up old resources after update operations.
You can use this monitoring period to perform any manual stack validation desired, and manually cancel the stack creation or update (using CancelUpdateStack, for example) as necessary.If you specify 0 for this parameter, CloudFormation still monitors the specified rollback triggers during stack creation and update operations.
Then, for update operations, it begins disposing of old resources immediately once the operation completes.

```yaml
Type: Int32
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: 0
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -RollbackConfiguration_RollbackTrigger
The triggers to monitor during stack creation or update actions.
By default, AWS CloudFormation saves the rollback triggers specified for a stack and applies them to any subsequent update operations for the stack, unless you specify otherwise.
If you do specify rollback triggers for this parameter, those triggers replace any list of triggers previously specified for the stack.
If a specified trigger is missing, the entire stack operation fails and is rolled back.

```yaml
Type: RollbackTrigger[]
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -StackPolicyBody
Structure containing the stack policy body.
For more information, go to Prevent Updates to Stack Resources in the AWS CloudFormation User Guide.
You can specify either the StackPolicyBody or the StackPolicyURL parameter, but not both.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -StackPolicyURL
Location of a file containing the stack policy.
The URL must point to a policy (maximum size: 16 KB) located in an S3 bucket in the same region as the stack.
You can specify either the StackPolicyBody or the StackPolicyURL parameter, but not both.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Tag
Key-value pairs to associate with this stack.
AWS CloudFormation also propagates these tags to the resources created in the stack.
A maximum number of 50 tags can be specified.

```yaml
Type: Tag[]
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: Tags

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -TimeoutInMinutes
The amount of time that can pass before the stack status becomes CREATE_FAILED; if DisableRollback is not set or is set to false, the stack will be rolled back.

```yaml
Type: Int32
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: 0
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -ParameterFile
If present, path to a JSON file containing a list of parameter structures as defined for 'aws cloudformation create-stack'.
If a parameter of the same name is defined on the command line, the command line takes precedence.
If your stack has a parameter with the same name as one of the parameters to this cmdlet, then you *must* set the stack parameter via a parameter file.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Wait
If set, wait for stack creation to complete before returning.

```yaml
Type: SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: False
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -AccessKey
The AWS access key for the user account.
This can be a temporary access key if the corresponding session token is supplied to the -SessionToken parameter.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Credential
An AWSCredentials object instance containing access and secret key information, and optionally a token for session-based credentials.

```yaml
Type: AWSCredentials
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -EndpointUrl
The endpoint to make the call against.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -NetworkCredential
'Used with SAML-based authentication when ProfileName references a SAML role profile.
Contains the network credentials to be supplied during authentication with the configured identity provider's endpoint.
This parameter is not required if the user's default network identity can or should be used during authentication.

```yaml
Type: PSCredential
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -ProfileLocation
Used to specify the name and location of the ini-format credential file (shared with the AWS CLI and other AWS SDKs)

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -ProfileName
The user-defined name of an AWS credentials or SAML-based role profile containing credential information.
The profile is expected to be found in the secure credential file shared with the AWS SDK for .NET and AWS Toolkit for Visual Studio.
You can also specify the name of a profile stored in the .ini-format credential file used with the AWS CLI and other AWS SDKs.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Region
The system name of the AWS region in which the operation should be invoked.
For example, us-east-1, eu-west-1 etc.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -SecretKey
The AWS secret key for the user account.
This can be a temporary secret key if the corresponding session token is supplied to the -SessionToken parameter.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -SessionToken
The session token if the access and secret keys are temporary session-based credentials.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### CommonParameters
This cmdlet supports the common parameters: -Debug, -ErrorAction, -ErrorVariable, -InformationAction, -InformationVariable, -OutVariable, -OutBuffer, -PipelineVariable, -Verbose, -WarningAction, and -WarningVariable. For more information, see [about_CommonParameters](http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=113216).

## INPUTS

### [System.String], [PSCloudFomation.Packager.Package]
### You can pipe the CloudFormation Template to this command (see Notes).
## OUTPUTS

### [System.String] - ARN of the new stack
### [Amazon.CloudFormation.StackStatus] - Status of last operation.
## NOTES
This cmdlet genenerates additional dynamic command line parameters for all parameters found in the Parameters block of the supplied CloudFormation template,
except for when the template is supplied via the pipeline e.g.
from New-PSCFNPackage.
Due to the complexities of pipleine processing, it is not possible to
determine the template details when composing the command.
If you need to pass new values for parameters to the stack, then use a parameter file.

See also https://github.com/fireflycons/PSCloudFormation/blob/master/static/resource-import.md

## RELATED LINKS
